fix: media name and description usage (#2631)
shopware5/shopware: UPGRADE-5.7.md

* Added compatibility with PHP 8.3
* Added new polyfill `symfony/polyfill-php83` to be able to use PHP 8.3 features

> * Added image name fallbacks if no image description is available to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added fallback to image name for `alt` and `title` attributes if image description is not available in following templates:
```

and then please list the tpl files and then the block names
